It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. -Epictetus
Have you ever been at sea in a dense fog, when it seemed as if a tangible white darkness shut you in and the great ship, tense and anxious, groped her way toward the shore with plummet and sounding-line, and you waited with beating heart for something to happen? I was like that ship before my education began, only I was without compass or sounding line, and no way of knowing how near the harbor was. "Light! Give me light!" was the wordless cry of my soul, and the light of love shone on me in that very hour. -Helen Keller
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail. -Abraham Maslow
You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives. -Clay P. Bedford
Aim for success, not perfection. Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life. -Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism. -David M. Burns
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops. -Henry B Adams
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. -Mark Twain
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn. -Gloria Steinem
Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them. -James Baldwin
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. -Will Durant
The difference between school and life? In school, you're taught a lesson and then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson. -Tom Bodett
Tell me and I'll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I'll understand. -Chinese proverb
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn't need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around. -Jim Rohn
People learn something every day, and a lot of times it's that what they learned the day before was wrong. -Bill Vaughan
Education cost money, but then so does ignorance. -Claus Moser
What sculpture is to a block of marble education is to the human soul. -Joseph Addison
Education makes a people easy to lead but difficult to drive: easy to govern, but impossible to enslave. -Peter Brougham
Do not train children to learning by force and harshness, but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each. -Plato
It is in fact a part of the function of education to help us escape, not from our own time - for we are bound by that - but from the intellectual and emotional limitations of our time. -T.S. Eliot
If people did not do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done. -Ludwig Wittgenstein
The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you. -B.B. King
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. -Bruce Lee
True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion. -Gordon B. Hinckley
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. -Confucius
In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin: but he that refraineth his lips is wise. -Proverbs 10:19
One who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger. -Japanese Proverb
What is life? It is the flash of a firefly in the night. It is the breath of a buffalo in the wintertime. It is the little shadow which runs across the grass and loses itself in the sunset. – Blackfoot Proverb
Everyone who is successful must have dreamed of something. –Maricopa Proverb
Adversity is a good teacher. -Russian Proverb
The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is happiest. -Unknown
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. -Bruce Lee
The aim of the wise is not to obtain pleasure, but to avoid pain. -Aristotle
A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows the public opinion. -Grantland Rice
Let me embrace thee, sour diversity, for wisemen say it is the wisest course. -William Shakespeare
Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late. -Benjamin Franklin
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. -William James
Where ignorance is bliss, 'Tis folly to be wise. -Thomas Gray
If you persuade yourself that you can do a certain thing, provided this thing be possible, you will do it, however difficult it may be. If, on the contrary, you imagine that you cannot do the simplest thing in the world, it is impossible for you to do it, and molehills become for you unscalable mountains. -Emile Coue
It is not wise to violate rules until you know how to observe them. -T.S. Eliot
